I want to crete a html file that helps me organize my finances

I organize my finances periaodially, usually, once a month.
The title of the app should me Moneyman
Right above the title, there should be a button that allows me to create a month plan
When I click on the button, a plan section should be created.
This section should have a title and the title should be the name of current month.
Right under the name of the month, the app should display the date of creation of the plan.
Under the the date of creation I want the period of the plan to be displayed.
If there is no created plan and I click on "create plan", I want the app to prompt "inform period of the plan."
I should input the period of the first plan.
From the second plan created on, I want the app to automatically fill the period. Auto fill period should follow these rules:
- Beginning of period must be equal to date of the next day after date of end of previous period.
- End of period should be equal to date of day before current day.
There must be a settings menu that should contain:
A button to add "Income" and it should be possible to add multiple incomes.
Each income should have a name and a number field.
It should be possible to edit and delete incomes.
When clicking on "add income", It should be possible to select "Insert tax"?
If user chooses "yes", there should be a field asking the percentage of the tax.
In th plan, when user informs gross value of and income that has tax, the app should fill the total value of the income with net value.
A button to add "Destination" and it should be possible to add multiple destinations.
The destination is a percentage of the total of the sum of all incomes.
It should be possible to edit and delete destinations.
Each destination sould have a name, a percentage (to be filled by user) and a total field (that will display total percentage number).

There should be an archive section and each plan should have an archive button on it.
Archive section should allow visualizing all the information of the archived plan.
There should be an unarchive button on the plan after it is archived.



